guide(feat): add how-to page (#70)
GoogleCloudPlatform/samples-style-guide: content/en/how-to.md

---
title: "How to use this Guide"
linkTitle: "How to use this Guide"
type: docs
weight: 20
---

## Applicable Samples

> This style guide is intended to apply to new samples and significant revisions 
> to previous samples. It is not a mandate to make sure previously authored 
> samples are always in compliance as the sample guide changes and evolves. 
> 
> For "standalone" samples, the guidelines are intended to be enforced more
> strictly and exceptions should be rare and with good reason, up to the
> disgression of the language reviewer(s).
> 
> For "application" samples, the guidelines should apply more loosely, following
> the rules in as many places as possible without comprising the integrity of the
> application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This style guide applies to new samples and to significant revisions of existing samples.
It does not require that previously authored samples keep up with guideline changes.

For "standalone" samples, the guidelines should be enforced strictly and
exceptions should be rare and with specific reason, up to the discretion of
the language reviewer(s).

For "application" samples, the guidelines should apply more loosely, following
the rules as possible without comprising the integrity of the application. 
```
